After the release of the film The Bridge on the River Kwai, tourists came to Thailand to see the fictional bridge. Since there never was a bridge on the Kwai, the Thai renamed a portion of the Mae Klong river containing a bridge to satisfy the tourists.
The Hindenburg had a grand piano on it; but because they can weigh up to 1000 pounds, the ship had a specially-made aluminum piano which only weighed 350 pounds.
The Great Pyramid of Giza was once covered in highly polished white limestone before it was removed to be used as a building material for mosques and fortresses.
Saturn's rings are about 500,000 miles in circumference but only about a foot thick.
A jiffy is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Thus the American saying, I will be there in a jiffy.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history to not have a full moon.
People in parts of Western China put salt in their tea instead of sugar.
X-rays of the Mona Lisa show that there are three completely different versions of the same subject, all painted by Leonardo Da Vinci, under the final portrait.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure. Surprisingly, I learned that one from Jotaro- I have no idea why he knows such a thing :blush:
Slugs have 4 noses!
An 'aglet' is the plastic or metal tip of a shoelace.
Tablecloths were originally meant to serve as towels with which guests could wipe their hands and faces after dinner.
According to an age old custom, carrying a dead shrew in your pocket wards off rheumatism.
Non-dairy creamer is flammable.
Most tropical marine fish could survive in a tank filled with human blood.
Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button.
Most NASCAR Teams use nitrogen in their tires instead of air.
During a typical human life span, the human heart will beat approximately 2.5 billion times.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over a million descendants.
Jericho is the oldest walled city in the world at 9,000 yrs old!
Peanuts are one of the ingredients in dynamite.
All bonobo chimpanzees are bisexual!
If it isn't moving a frog can't see it. If the frog can't see it, the frog won't eat it.
Whale oil was used in automobile transmissions as late as 1973.
Onions have no flavor, only a smell.
On average, half of all false teeth have some form of radioactivity.
Children are more allergic to cockroaches than they are to cats.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan.
A killer whale's heart beats 30 times a minute under water, 60 times a minute on the surface.
The ashes of the average cremated person weigh nine pounds.
10% of the Russian government's income comes from the sale of vodka.
One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet!
The longest word in the English language is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconioses!
Mailing an entire building has been illegal in the U.S. since 1916 when a man mailed a 40,000-ton brick house across Utah to avoid high freight rates.
Male Octopuses can rip off their penises to give to the females for mating.
In order to be the oldest person alive, every single human being who was alive at your birth has to die.
Richard Chase, also known as the vampire of sacramento, would choose his victims by trying their doorknobs. If the door was locked he would leave because he thought this meant he was unwelcome. If the door was unlocked he saw it as a welcome invitation to come inside.
A species of earthworm in Australia grows up to 10 feet in length.
Frogs sometimes eat enough fireflies that they themselves glow.
Apple seeds are poisonous.
You mostly breathe from only one nostril at a time!
Mam, a brand of Japanese liquor, uses venomous snakes as one of its main ingredients.
The average French citizen eats 500 snails per year.
Worms reportedly taste like bacon.
Your skin is actually an organ.
By 3,000 B.C. there were at least six different types of beer in Egypt.

